yo it's not a king nigga I time tight
fuck the split I'm an empty the clip use
a lame ass bitch you can't respect you
wanna be wow I'm running for you with
the steal nine rearrange your wig bitch
they're gonna freestyle when it comes to
trapping this the same thing make it
snow make it rain precipitation so what
you sayin I'm quick with the spray again
I'm on the island crees why your body's
decay in and this is for all them niggas
data front while you rolling up your
blunt I'll be loading up the pump while
you in and out your girl I'll be letting
them tires burned y'all leaving out the
crib and I'm waiting to split your wig
wait in the hit your ribs wait in the
gear turd in my niggas got change not
waiting to do a bit
the shoot this crazy watch the blinky
make him back flip Plus this bitch is a
deadly she look pretty in the casket his
sons a bastard fuck it i might just
wallow spray your mom's with acid
according to my recollection I've been
heavily on with the Smith & Wesson
teaching lessons y'all don't put in work
y'all just bust in the air without will
with the smiths like the Prince of
bel-air my vision is planned and I got
within the shit come fuck with a jeep
get rich in again use a bird bitch only
good for the menage tidy what in the
garage disappear like a mirage this new
rom it's sort of like a new non niggas
don't know it yet but they will in due
time harder the moonshine mix but if I
got it extended clips for extended lip
by making extensive trips in and out of
the country it's fun of me how I circle
lake shit monthly trust me nigga I'm in
it to win I make green with that purp
like I'm barney and friends and flip it
again then I'm carving the bends hater
spectator I should copy with lens I'm
stylish plus y'all bitches is whacked
like a stylist the way I flip this heat
to the track see I roms quick and I'm
room me with the gap and I run quick
there's no competing with death